Clarify action item in release notes (#17)
hazelcast/hazelcast-release-notes: src/docs/asciidoc/4.2.5.adoc

== 4.2.5

> If you're using eviction/expiration for maps, you must set the `per-entry-stats-enabled` property to `true`. In previous versions of Hazelcast IMDG, some map entries were not always evicted or expired according to their time-to-live or maximum idle duration configurations.

Reviewer: > In previous versions of Hazelcast IMDG

The issue affects only Hazelcast IMDG versions in the 4.2.z line

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using eviction or expiration for maps, you must set the `per-entry-stats-enabled` property to `true` to fix an issue in version 4.2.x where some map entries are not always evicted or expired according to their time-to-live or maximum idle duration configurations.
```
